## chap 1
- A 올리고 B 올리고 C 내리기.

## chap 2
- This is a picture taken at/in
- The first thing I can see from this picture is ~
- In the foreground/background/middle of the picture
- On the left/right side of the picture, 
- Overall, it seems like they are ~
- Overall, it looks like a busy day in a city.
- One of them
- the other
- the rest of them
- the others
- some of them
- most of them
- next to/beside

## chap 3
- 문제 그대로 대답.
- 긍정이 더 쉬움. 
- 최근에: recently, the other day, yesterday..

## chap 4
- 날짜, 요일, 탈것, 토론의 주제
    - On
    - On Oct 24th
- 시각
    - At
    - At 9:00 am
- 특정 장소 (건물명, 주소)
    - At + 특정 장소
    - At Kimpo Airport
    - At 1330 Main Street
- 실내, 도시, 나라
    - In
    - In Room 105
    - In Seoul
    - In Korea
- You have to register by/until Jan 3rd.
- It will be held ~
- It will start / finish
- you will depart from
- you will arrive in
- you will take 
- you will stay at
- you will have lunch
- you will have meeting
- you will give a speech
- there was supposed to be a 일정~ but it has been canceled/rescheduled to
- she got a bachelor's degree in design from university in 2010.
- from 2010 to 2015, she worked at ~ as ~
- from 2015 up to now, she has worked at ~ as ~
- He is applying for ~

## chap 5
- 서론 - 연결문장 - 이유1 - 근거1 - 이유2 - 근거2 - 결론
- I agree with ~. 
- Let me tell you why I think so/that/like this.
- First/most of all, they can work efficiently. 
- For me / when I was a student
- next/second, they can meet new people and make friend.
- moreover, they can build a good relationship and expand their network.
- According to a recent news report, the majority of people said~
- overall/therefore/so/in conclusion, I think ~
